text from @bemasc with further massaging (#102)
richsalz/draft-ietf-uta-rfc6125bis: draft-ietf-uta-rfc6125bis.md

An IP address that is the result of a DNS query is not direct. Use of IP-IDs
that are not direct is out of scope for this document.

The IETF continues to define methods for looking up information needed
to make connections to network services. One recent example is service

> binding via the "SVCB" and "HTTPS" DNS resource record (RR) types. This
> document does not define identity representation and verification procedures
> for SVCB-compatible records; however, the use of such records during

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence, and it seems to be logically redundant with the following sentence.  If you think it's important maybe you could rephrase it?

```suggestion
binding via the "SVCB" and "HTTPS" DNS resource record (RR) types.
The use of such records during
```

Author: The originally proposed text talked about RFC 2818 and RFC 7858. The sentence that confuses you was meant to be very clear about the remit of this document, which generalizes from all the documents (including RFC 2818 and many others). If someone wants to write SVCB-based documents that update those RFCs, they are free to do so, but this document doesn't do so in any way.

> binding via the "SVCB" and "HTTPS" DNS resource record (RR) types. This
> document does not define identity representation and verification procedures
> for SVCB-compatible records; however, the use of such records during
> connection establishment does not alter any of the PKIX validation
> requirements specified herein or in other relevant specification unless the
> applicable SVCB mapping document states otherwise. For example, the PKIX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
binding via the "SVCB" and "HTTPS" DNS resource record (RR) types. This
document does not define any identity representation or verification procedures
that are specific to SVCB-compatible records because the use of such records during
connection establishment does not currently alter any of the PKIX validation
requirements specified herein or in any other relevant specification.  (Future
SVCB mapping documents could specify altered PKIX rules for new use cases.)
For example, the PKIX
```

An IP address that is the result of a DNS query is not direct. Use of IP-IDs
that are not direct is out of scope for this document.

The IETF continues to define methods for looking up information needed
to make connections to network services. One recent example is service
binding via the "SVCB" and "HTTPS" DNS resource record (RR) types. This
document does not define any identity representation or verification procedures
that are specific to SVCB-compatible records because the use of such records during
connection establishment does not currently alter any of the PKIX validation
requirements specified herein or in any other relevant specification.  (Future
SVCB mapping documents could specify altered PKIX rules for new use cases.)
For example, the PKIX
validation rules for {{HTTP-OVER-TLS}} and {{DNS-OVER-TLS}} do not change

> when the client uses {{SVCB-FOR-HTTPS}} or {{SVCB-FOR-DNS}}.

Reviewer 2: I might consider moving the parenthetical to the end, but this looks fine.
